README.md, before:

# 📃 Microverse Final Capstone Project: Real Estate Listing

This project is part of a series of projects to be completed by students of [Microverse](https://www.microverse.org/ 'The Global School for Remote Software Developers!').

In this project, we will build a real estate listing website with the following technologies:
- API
  - Ruby on Rails
  - PostgreSQL
  - Deployed to Heroku

- Frontend
  - React
  - Redux

## 🔗 Link to assignment

The assignment can be found in the [Microverse Inc. Project Requirements](https://www.notion.so/Final-Capstone-Project-Listings-App-f3610268057941e481d35b269da30f0c).



## 📡 Technologies used

- Ruby on Rails
- PostgreSQL
- React
- Redux


## 🚀 The project

This project can be found in https://github.com/tiagoit/mv-final-capstone-project

### ✨ [live version](http://ferreirati-real-estate-react.herokuapp.com/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!<br/>Feel free to check [issues page](https://github.com/tiagoit/mv-final-capstone-project/development/issues).

1. Fork it (https://github.com/tiagoit/mv-final-capstone-project/development/fork)
2. Create your working branch (git checkout -b [choose-a-name])
3. Commit your changes (git commit -am 'what this commit will fix/add/improve')
4. Push to the branch (git push origin [chosen-name])
5. Create a new pull request



## 🤖 Contributors

Tiago Ferreira - [GitHub](https://github.com/tiagoit)

Design idea by [Sergey Kalashnikov and others on Behance](https://www.behance.net/ibshaqura)

## 🙋‍♂ Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!



## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](https://github.com/tiagoit/mv-final-capstone-project/license.txt) licensed.

Commit message:

chore: update README.md with new Github username

README.md, after:

# 📃 Microverse Final Capstone Project: Real Estate Listing

This project is part of a series of projects to be completed by students of [Microverse](https://www.microverse.org/ 'The Global School for Remote Software Developers!').

In this project, we will build a real estate listing website with the following technologies:
- API
  - Ruby on Rails
  - PostgreSQL
  - Deployed to Heroku

- Frontend
  - React
  - Redux

## 🔗 Link to assignment

The assignment can be found in the [Microverse Inc. Project Requirements](https://www.notion.so/Final-Capstone-Project-Listings-App-f3610268057941e481d35b269da30f0c).



## 📡 Technologies used

- Ruby on Rails
- PostgreSQL
- React
- Redux


## 🚀 The project

This project can be found in https://github.com/tiagoit/mv-final-capstone-project

### ✨ [live version](https://ferreirati-real-estate.herokuapp.com/)


## 💻 Serve the APP on localhost
### Backend
  - Clone the backend repository `git clone git@github.com:tiagoit/mv-final-capstone-project.git`
  - Check the branch you want to serve, `development` is the default one. 
  - Install gems `bundle install`
  - This project uses PostgreSQL as RDBMS.
  - Execute the migrations `rails db:migrate`
  - Start the local server `rails server -p 4000`  
  - Query the API with a tool like Postman or serve the frontend. 

### Frontend
  - Clone the frontend repository `git clone git@github.com:tiagoit/mv-final-capstone-project-react.git`
  - Check the branch you want to serve, `development` is the default one.
  - Install NPM packages `npm install`
  - Start the local server `npm start`
  - Open the app `http://localhost:3000`


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!<br/>Feel free to check [issues page](https://github.com/tiagoit/mv-final-capstone-project/development/issues).

1. Fork it (https://github.com/tiagoit/mv-final-capstone-project/development/fork)
2. Create your working branch (git checkout -b [choose-a-name])
3. Commit your changes (git commit -am 'what this commit will fix/add/improve')
4. Push to the branch (git push origin [chosen-name])
5. Create a new pull request



## 🤖 Contributors

Tiago Ferreira - [GitHub](https://github.com/tiagoit)

Design idea by [Sergey Kalashnikov and others on Behance](https://www.behance.net/ibshaqura)

## 🙋‍♂ Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!



## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](https://github.com/tiagoit/mv-final-capstone-project/license.txt) licensed.
